# Yeskala_Time_Planner
This is Yeskala Time Planner, an AI Time Planner that was built to help school students and college students to manage their time well in the most simplisitic way possible. We first saw an initial problem that students, especially the students in their senior years in school or even in college, were finding it really hard to manage their tasks in the day. This was causing them a lot of stress to deal with. This is the reason we thought that wouldnt an AI Time Planner manage the students time well, and the way it does that is very simple. 

Just enter your day plan in the text box and an entire plan of the day will be generated. You can also make it much quicker by adding pre-made tasks to the task library and selecting them. The AI can also be more personalized towards you by adding preferences and also adding reflections at the end of each day. You also get a coach note that tells you a entire summary of the entire day plan. The task library needs to be edited first to add the pre-made tasks. Then when you are entering your prompt the next time, you can directly choose the tasks from the task library. The Preferences option contains options that asks some details about you like your wake up time, sleep time, energy level, stress handling level and more. The end of day reflection is when you add the tasks you accomplished and what you did in your day, which trains the AI to make it more personalized towards you.
You can also choose a theme from the themes given and your chosen theme is stored in localstorage and your tasks in the task library is stored in JSON files.

The AI engine used here is GPT-4o as it is fast but also provides quality responses without ignoring aspects of your request. This app is coded on an HTML/CSS/JS frontend with an Python: Django backend.

The link to the sound is here: https://drive.google.com/file/d/11nGUWV-bRbifUewBzEpPVim_n30Zr4ks/view?usp=drive_link and needs to be put in BYTEBATTLE/ai_planner/planner/static/planner/audio and must be renamed as calm.mp3

Our presentation link is https://www.canva.com/design/DAG6MAPHJZM/hbNKwNeo4BzAWC5NQ-Gx4g/edit?utm_content=DAG6MAPHJZM&utm_campaign=designshare&utm_medium=link2&utm_source=sharebutton 
